You've booted up your board for
the first time,
you are in Android if that was
your default operating system.
And, this time we'd like to talk to
you a little bit about getting ready
to develop for your board.
>> Yeah, I'm sure you're excited about
wanting to get to some programming.
But there has to be a couple of things
checked off before we can get to there.
>> Yeah, I know, of course.
In order to do that,
we're going to show you a little secret.
Your gonna need to go in to activate
your USB debugging, which is essentially
granting yourself developer options
on your Android operating system.
So, in order to do this, you are going
to access the Applications and
click the settings icon
inside your Applications.
A screen similar to this will show up,
this is a generic Android settings lists,
I guess you can say, but
they all are very similar.
>> It's the same thing you
would find on your cell phone
if you have another Android phone.
>> Yeah, you can actually
probably go find that right now
if you have an Android phone.
But you're gonna go look for
the tab that says About Phone,
you're gonna click the About Phone button.
You're gonna locate your Build number
within the next list that prompts you and
you're going to start
tapping your Build number,
in fact you're gonna tap it seven times.
A little list will start
popping up above it saying,
oh you've tapped it this many times,
tap it this many more to go.
And so after you've tapped it seven times,
it's going to scream at you and
say you're now a developer.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Yay, you're a developer.
All right, so you have officially
unlocked the Developer options tab.
What you're gonna do is, you're gonna
go find the Developer options tab,
it's back in your basic Settings list,
you're gonna click on that, and you're
gonna locate the USB debugging tab, and
you're gonna make sure that that's active.
Most of the times, when you active
your USB debugging, I'm sorry,
when you activate your Developer options
your USB debugging will usually just
default active.
This USB debugging is very important
because without it you don't really have
access through the micro USB port to send
or push applications on to the board.
Later on when we download
the IDE Android Studio you
will need the USB debugging to create your
applications and push them onto the board.
>> I even believe accessing through
the terminal through the SDK tools
requires this to be enabled.
So if you run into any issues with that
make sure you check off USB debugging.
>> Yeah, that's true.
A lot of board configurations can be
done just strictly through the terminal,
plugged in through the USB
with your PC host.
So yeah, definitely get that USB
debugging activated as soon as possible.